HeeJin: Hello
HeeJin: We're tall girls of LOOΠΔ
JinSoul: Should I say hello here?
JInSoul: Then... right, it's JinSoul!
Kim Lip: I'm Kim Lip, in charge of tall girl in LOOΠΔ
HyunJin: Totally suntan!
HyunJin: Is it right?
Olivia Hye: Actually I'm the youngest here
Olivia Hye: But I'm sure I'm the tallest at the same time
Olivia Hye: And you have to know that I'm in a growth phase
Olivia Hye: So I have a lot of potential!
(LOOΠΔ Up unit is shooting first!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Hi High"
'HyunJin, are you taking a high school graduation picture?'
'Okay, it's done~'
'Be careful!'
HyunJin: Wow, so hot...
HyunJin: You have to eat ice cream, when it is hot!
HyunJin: You're hot too, aren't you?
Kim Lip: Ah~ too hot~
Kim Lip: Maybe 45 degrees Celsius?
JInSoul: No! That's desert's
Kim Lip: It was 300 degrees Celsius at that time!
(They experienced severe heat waves in the last summer)
Kim Lip: Can poeple really live here?
Kim Lip: Right? ODD EYE CIRCLE was too tough.
JinSoul: It felt like I was in a microwave